what's up everybody cheer up our cell
barthel fitness doing another little
video series I'll actually probably make
these like episodes and episodes but a
day in my diet I used to not do these
because other people did it but really
it doesn't fucking matter because this
is a day my diet not theirs so first
things first to get out of the line
competitive bodybuilder I'm about 12
weeks out I do believe in flexible
dieting I'm not a meal timer guy so
basically to me as opposed to eating
every 2-3 hours it's more so about the
nutrition I take it as a whole
throughout the day I do do flexible
daddy but you'll see how you pretty bro
and then also I do do a form of carbon
cycling so today is a low carb day very
low carb so I'll do a few days already
low carbs and then do a day where I have
a refeed which basically just means for
me a refeed is a higher carb day a
little bit lower fat but it's
significantly higher in carbs to
replenish things like glycogen stores
leptin levels state ID just kind of keep
the metabolism going so basically we got
for our first meal is something that I'm
really looking forward to but we got
steak strips and those are all pre
Cookson to cook it literally pull it out
of a bag and put it in there and that's
not very high in fact typically red meat
a little bit more fat this only has like
three grams of fat per serving we got
eight ounces in there and we also have
some strength green beans and we have
half an avocado been using avocados as
fats pretty much as of yesterday because
I used to never eat them and they're
delicious so been throwing a minute a
meal or two there to help get my fat so
this is mia one i will eat this
typically actually i was going to have
my carbs as three packages the oatmeal
of maple and brown maple and brown sugar
oatmeal this is like 66 grams of carbs
but i'm not gonna eat this because we're
going on the mall of america where I'm
from and I'm gonna save some macros AK
flexible that name is save some or if I
decide to eat there or whatever the case
may be I can have my carbs there for the
day so this is meal 1 alright so the
next meal I'll throw the picture up
right now
so we actually went out to eat we're at
the mall of america we're doing some
shop and actually got myself some new to
his basic ass black and white chucks for
training but decided to eat at the mall
of america which normally don't do and i
was honestly just gonna get plain ass
like a chicken and steak and like
vegetables i was like all right that's
what's nice about flexible dieting and
and having it also be earlier in the day
where your macros are pretty freaked the
only had a meal before this so basically
what i did was i got pasta and there was
probably max it was actually kind of let
downs i expected there'd be more
possible there's about two cups of
cooked pasta it was like a diablo tomato
sauce like a hot tomato sauce if you're
having pasta like a creamy sauce like in
Alfredo's and have a lot more calories
and fat the tomato sauce was pretty low
and then it was honestly just chicken
breast and some spinach in there so i
was actually not that bad macro wise so
I had that so that was meal toe alright
so we got the eggs meal three there's
actually my post-workout meal i'm
actually going back in the gym did a two
a day to delts and gonna be going back
and doing arms light arms and then some
cardio so i'm pretty much done with
carbs for the day but the secret is to
throw on sweet baby Ray's buffalo so
like ronnie coleman to the sweet baby
Ray's barbecue we do the buffalo so put
a little bit of that on there for some
flavor get that going
boom so eat that up should we stay
hydrated and that is three like I said
my carbs are pretty much done for the
day because I eat pretty low but that's
why subscribe if you haven't we're just
stay tuned he goes in next couple of
days I'll take you throughout the whole
entire Dave a refeed day you'll see how
many carbs a eat on refeed day which i'm
looking forward to cuz that's in like
two days oh I'm legit ah snacking on
serving green beans I didn't do my
dishes but first we badge weird alright
so we're gonna go train arms in like
20-30 minutes so I'm having another
little quick meal this is a product by
Pro subs no problem Sean them out but
basically it's called me no 23 although
it's called liquid aminos actually as
protein it's gelatin which is not my
favorite type but basically we got a
hydrolyzed gelatin and whey protein
isolate but what's nice about this is
really concentrated so just turn on the
scale quick make sure you get that
milliliters will do about 9 10
milliliters so 12 so this right here
that's a little shot although it's thick
here it's really not bad you can just
take it like a shot which you'll see
it's about 50 grams of protein so
although I'd probably recommend way if
you're like me and sometimes your
appetite is noise there you want to get
something quick without filling up here
so me too much boom got it in so that's
this meal alright so we are actually
post first time can we appreciate this
I'm on creatine shirt we got the black
version on the site but this is post
arms like I said I went to the gym did
some arms and cardio house an asana
which felt great but it is meal time
this might be my last meal of the day I
guess you guys will find out charlie but
if it's not my last meal I'll have
another meal I do have some macros left
over but basically if I decide
to have that and I go to bed I'll just
kind of send those calories into the
breakfast tomorrow so what we got here
is chicken with some green beans again
and that's actually not necessarily a
full half avocado about a third but that
is the meal so we got once again this
chicken is actually a precooked so I
just take it out it's already good to go
to heat it up put some of that baby
ray's buffalo sauce on there our serving
of string green beans and we got that
avocado i put some sea salt up on that
avocado and that is what we will eat for
this meal